1.
Earlier HTTP/1.1 was a major version of HTTP network protocol used by world wide web
across clients and servers.It works on textual format and there is persistent connection which means 
several requests and responses are merged into a single connection.Secondly, there is head of line blocking in which TCP 
connection is blocked until the response is recieved,i.e all information related to header file
is repeated in every request.This became a major bottleneck for faster loading applications which lead to the creation
of HTTP/2 built over Google's SPDY protocol and works on binary format. Here,one TCP connection is used for 
multiple requests.While HTTP/1.1 compresses data by itself,HTTP/2 uses HPACK which is used to split data 
from header.It compresses the header which reduces data redundancy.
Let us take an example to better understand this comparison.If we try to load an image which is split into 100 small images over 
both HTTP/1.1 and HTTP/2.In HTTP/2,Once the ifrst image starts loading ,all the other images are loaded very quickly
because HTTP/2 uses PUSH frame that collects all the other images required by client .It avoids the round trip.
In case of HTTP/1.1 ,Image keeps loading for a longer time one after another to complete the full image.
Thus,due to its faster loading performance,HTTP/2 is used over HTTP/1.1 and is currently supported by all major browsers.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------


2.
Object and it's internal representation in JavaScript:
A JavaScript object is a collection of named values having properties and behaviour.It can take many values using key:value 
pair.For eg.A cup is a object.It has its color,design,weight etc.In the same way,Javascript objects have properties which define its 
characteristics.
Creation of objects:
Objects can be created in two ways
1.By using object literal.

Object={property1:value1,property2:value2,propertyN:valueN}

Property and value is separated using colon.
For eg:
var Car={Model:c-class,color:white,rating:4.5};

2.By creating object using "new" keyword.

var objectname = new Object();

Accessing JavaScript objects:
Syntax for accessing property of an object is:
ObjectName.property
Or 
ObjectName["property"]
For eg : Car.rating
Object Methods:
Javascript object Methods are actions that can be performed on objects.For example,to get the headlights of car "on"
there will be a mechanical functionality.
For eg:
function(){
    return headlights.on
}